Support the construction of bosonic operators (#6518)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Added submodule 'initialize_state' featuring a `create_initial_state` function for initializing a density matrix from `qml.StatePrep` operations or `qml.QubitDensityMatrix` operations.
  [(#6503)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6503)
  

> * Added support for constructing `BoseWords` and `BoseSentences`, similar to `FermiWords` and `FermiSentences`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for constructing `BoseWord` and `BoseSentence`, similar to `FermiWord` and `FermiSentence`.
```

* Added submodule 'initialize_state' featuring a `create_initial_state` function for initializing a density matrix from `qml.StatePrep` operations or `qml.QubitDensityMatrix` operations.
  [(#6503)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6503)
  
* Added support for constructing BoseWords and BoseSentences, similar to FermiWords and FermiSentences.
  [(#6518)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6518)

* Added a function to normal order BoseWords, which rearranges the creation and annihilation operators such that all creation operators are to the left of all annihilation operators.

>   [(#6518)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6518)

Reviewer: This is not needed. The first part is enough.

* Added submodule 'initialize_state' featuring a `create_initial_state` function for initializing a density matrix from `qml.StatePrep` operations or `qml.QubitDensityMatrix` operations.
  [(#6503)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6503)

* Added support for constructing BoseWords and BoseSentences, similar to FermiWords and FermiSentences.
  [(#6518)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6518)

> * Added a function to normal order BoseWords, which orders creation terms before annihilation terms in ascending index order.

Author: Normal order doesn't work on BoseSentences.

> * Added a function to normal order BoseWords, which orders creation terms before annihilation terms in ascending index order.

Author: Changed it to, `Added a function to normal order BoseWords, which rearranges the creation and annihilation operators such that all creation operators are to the left of all annihilation operators.`

> * Added a function to normal order BoseWords, which orders creation terms before annihilation terms in ascending index order.

Reviewer 2: The code has a function in BoseSentence for normal ordering, were you planning on removing it?

> * Added a function to normal order BoseWords, which orders creation terms before annihilation terms in ascending index order.

Author: Woops I got this confused with shift operator. No that will stay.
